Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1022.0.10 (#3822)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1022-10-0-display-external-id-as-part-sub-assets-screen.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Display External ID as part SubAssets Screen"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Display External ID of an asset in SubAssets page"
```

> title: "Display External ID of an asset in SubAssets page"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "External ID of an asset now displayed in the Subassets page"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-2c7RdTdXo4"
      label: "Improvement"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: ""
version: "1022.10.0"
---

> A new field has been introduced in the Subassets screen to display the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new field has been introduced in the Subassets page to display the
```

> A new field has been introduced in the Subassets page to display the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A new field has been introduced in the **Subassets** page to display the
```

> External ID of an asset. When available, the External ID (from the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
External ID of an asset. If available, the External ID (from the
```

> c8y_ExternalId fragment) is shown below the Last Updated field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`c8y_ExternalId` fragment) is shown below the **Last updated** field.
```
